---
title: 'Week Fourteen of the DREAM Project: Aligning Objectives and Preparing for Data Collection '
date: 2024-08-04
permalink: /posts/2024/05/week-7/
tags:
  - 
  - 
---
Week fourteen of the DREAM project has been a period of consolidation and preparation as we refine our approach and set the stage for the next phases of research. 

  

Last week, I sent an email to both advisors to align our efforts and outline a game plan with clear deadlines and expectations. This email integrated the work done with both Dr. Kim and Dr. Madisetti, presenting a proposed new timeline and detailed research information. I also shared my thoughts on the suggested route for the final paper and requested their feedback to ensure we’re all on the same page. 

  

Following up on this, Dr. Kim asked me to set up a meeting with Brooke Jennings, focusing on the specifics of the data we’ll be using based on my one-page proposal. For this purpose, we need access to all logs of SilverCloud activities, dialogues between patients and coaches, and PHQ answers and scores.  

  

This week, I collaborated with Brooke, Dr. Kim, Dr. Bossarte, and Maria Martik (Data Manager), to discuss assistance with data cleaning. Maria met with the SilverCloud support team and scheduled a meeting with their engineering team to export the requested information in .JSON format. We are awaiting this data, which Maria anticipates will take a few weeks to obtain. I’ve also requested a follow-up meeting to ensure a clear understanding of the data once it becomes available. 

  

Looking ahead, my final DREAM project paper will focus on the algorithms and racial disparities in mental health and child welfare, using case evidence from the Allegheny screening tool. This tool is a valuable example as it consolidates public data from various sources, including school records, criminal history, mental health data, and community resources. By integrating patient-provided unstructured text from the SilverCloud project, we aim to address how sensitive topics like abuse or suicidality cannot rely solely on historical or administrative data. The experiment with SilverCloud will help explore additional connections and insights based on the results. 

  

As we move forward, aligning our objectives and preparing for data collection are crucial steps in ensuring the success of the project. I am excited about the potential findings and their implications for improving mental health and child welfare interventions. 
