---
title: 'Week Twelve of the DREAM Project: Proposing a New Research Plan'
date: 2024-07-21
permalink: /posts/2024/05/week-6/
tags:
  - Mentorship
  - Collaboration  
---

Week twelve of the DREAM project has been a milestone in moving forward with a clear and structured plan. Drawing on the insights gained from previous weeks, including discussions with Dr. Bossarte's team and relevant literature, I created a one-page review of the new proposed project for Dr. Kim. 

This review outlines the formal research questions, expected outcomes, and analysis methods for the project. The central research question is:  

"How can support services (peer and clinician) integrated with an E-CBT platform be enhanced with AI support?" 

Goals of the Project 

1. Develop a Natural Language Processing (NLP) Model: Create an NLP model trained on free-text activities and E-CBT patient portal communications. This model will serve as a bi-weekly screening tool for assessing suicidality risk. 

2. Identify Social Determinants: Analyze free-text data from clients to identify social determinants and generate community recommendations for peers to discuss with clients. 

3. Enhance Interventions: Provide personalized recommendations for E-CBT modules based on the patient’s history to improve engagement with ongoing interventions. 


This proposal aims to integrate AI support with E-CBT platforms, enhancing the effectiveness of support services through advanced data analysis and personalized recommendations. It reflects a comprehensive approach to leveraging technology in mental health care and aims to improve both patient outcomes and intervention strategies. 
I look forward to discussing this proposal with Dr. Kim and receiving feedback that will help refine and advance the project. The insights gained so far have been instrumental in shaping this new direction, and I’m excited about the potential impact of this research. 
