---
title: 'Week 11 of the DREAM Project: Advancing Through Collaboration and Data Exploration'
date: 2024-07-14
permalink: /posts/2012/08/blog-post-5/
tags:
  - SilverCloud
  - E-CBT
  - Collaboration 
---
Last week was relatively quiet for the DREAM project as I took the time to work independently and rescheduled my meeting with my advisor. This week, however, brought significant developments and productive discussions. 

I had the opportunity to meet with Dr. Bossarte and lab manager Brooke Jennings. Our meeting focused on reviewing their secure drive for research purposes and examining some sample data from the SilverCloud platform, which we had discussed previously in relation to the project goals. This hands-on review provided valuable context for how the data from SilverCloud could be utilized. 

Dr. Bossarte shared insights from his recent work, including an R model he used for random assignment in a sample group for their study. This discussion was particularly enlightening, as it offered a practical example of how complex models are applied in research and could inform our approach to data analysis. 

Additionally, I gained access to the Coach version of the SilverCloud platform. This new access allows me to explore further and assess the potential data available for my DREAM project. With this expanded access, I can now start formulating more detailed plans for leveraging the data in our research. 

This week’s progress in understanding the secure data resources and exploring the Coach version of SilverCloud is a promising step forward. It has enhanced my ability to refine the project scope and integrate new data sources into our research framework. As we continue to develop the project, these insights and tools will be crucial in driving our work forward. 
