---
title: 'Week 7 of the DREAM Project: Navigating Challenges and Progressing Forward'
date: 2024-06-16
permalink: /posts/2014/08/blog-post-3/
tags:
  - IRB Process 
  - Open Datasets
  - GitHub
---

Week three of my DREAM project was marked by a mix of challenges and progress. Time conflicts led to the rescheduling of my virtual meeting with Dr. Madisetti, but we ensured that our communication remained effective through email. Despite the change, we continued to make headway on our upcoming deliverables. 

In our email exchange, I shared the goal of the DREAM mentor program and sought Dr. Madisetti's guidance on accessing an open data source. We explored alternative focus groups for my dataset, especially in light of common misdiagnoses in children with disabilities that impact data used in AI-assisted child welfare screenings. These insights are crucial for refining the scope of my research. 

Earlier in the month, I met with Dr. Kim to provide him with the necessary documents for requesting the National Child Abuse dataset and to complete the IRB request. Unfortunately, we encountered delays with the IRB process, which prompted us to consider alternative datasets. Dr. Kim suggested reaching out to previous researchers he has collaborated with, and I continued searching for other open-source datasets that could meet our needs. 

Additionally, I reviewed the requirements for Module 2 with both of my advisors and resumed working in GitHub after a brief hiatus. This week has been a testament to the importance of adaptability and effective communication as we navigate the complexities of the project. I look forward to overcoming these hurdles and advancing to the next steps. 
