---
title: 'Week Nine of the DREAM Project: Facing Setbacks and Exploring New Opportunities'
date: 2024-06-30
permalink: /posts/2012/08/blog-post-4/
tags:
  - SilverCloud
  - E-CBT
  - Research Challenges 
---
Week nine of the DREAM project brought some unexpected challenges and new opportunities. During my meeting with Dr. Kim, I had to deliver the disappointing news that I had been unable to find any open-source datasets related to child abuse or welfare. This was a significant setback, but Dr. Kim had a potential solution. He mentioned that there were no updates on the IRB status yet but planned to meet with Dr. Dr. Robert Bossarte, who is working on an IRB-approved project. There's a possibility that I could join this project as a researcher, which would allow me to expand my work. 

  

In the meantime, I made progress on another front. I explored SilverCloud, an online CBT platform that we might be able to use for data collection. I accessed the client side of the program to gain a better understanding of the data it collects and how it operates. This exploration provided valuable insights into the types of data that could be gathered and how this might inform a new research plan if a suitable dataset is obtained. 

Additionally, I conducted a comprehensive literature search on topics related to both datasets we’re exploring. I discovered several pertinent articles on: 

- Machine Learning and depression detection 

- AI applications in child welfare assessments and risk predictions 

- Human decision-making and disparities in CPS referrals 

- Perceptions, Reliability, and Ethical Challenges with AI  

These articles are helping me understand the nuances of the data we currently have and what is typically collected. This knowledge is crucial for developing a tool that will be both effective and relevant for its intended users. 

Though this week’s progress was mixed, the exploration of SilverCloud and the literature review are instrumental in shaping the next steps of the project. I am hopeful that the upcoming collaboration with Dr. Dr. Robert Bossarte will offer new insights and opportunities to advance our research. 

Headings are cool
======

You can have many headings
======

Aren't headings cool?
------
